GTI: update path to example gti schema (#13233)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/raster/gti.rst

GTI XML format
----------------

> A `XML schema of the GDAL GTI format <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OSGeo/gdal/master/frmts/gti/data/gdaltileindex.xsd>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A XML schema of the GDAL GTI format (:source_file:`frmts/gti/data/gdaltileindex.xsd`)
```
